Adding some additional information to the Flask page. (#631)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/using-ngrok-with/flask.md

This article assumes you have Python, PIP, and Flask already installed.
:::

### ngrok Agent

To share a local Flask development server with someone else, simply run: `ngrok http 5000`.

> You may also need to update your `SERVER_NAME` and `APPLICATION_ROOT` in your app configuration to the ngrok endpoint. See the [Flask docs](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/config/#builtin-configuration-values) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also need to update your `SERVER_NAME` and `APPLICATION_ROOT` in your Flask app configuration to the values provided by ngrok. See the [Flask docs](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/config/#builtin-configuration-values) for more information.
```
